
	When producing projects, there is always the understanding that the topic of said project could change at any time to any topic.  That was very much how the project began, what started as a discussion of colonial empires became a search for names amongst the many immigrants whom traveled to the United States from around the world.  Now with the number of times the topic was reconsidered and reconstructed, there can be a few growing pains to say the least, the data collected has to be changed, even some of the databases would have to be relocated, yet what was discovered during the course of the project that the topic of immigration was not one that had a short list of sources.  The search began with the common search engine sites with the Office of Unites States customs and the Ellis island main database, however this led to another issue, one that could be considered a happy problem.  The number of names that were generated in the original scrapes yielded too many subjects for use to focus this project on, in other words the subject amount made the project a little too broad.  Thus the topic had to be narrowed down from the original size that was acquired from the large number of names.  The idea shifted then to looking into possible reasons for immigration based on where the people could have come from, perhaps focusing on the nation of Africa as was proposed in the idea regarding colonialism.

   This however offered another obstacle in the ways of locating viable data from the ellis island archives, thus the search in databases needed further expansion to find a better way to hone in on one final topic.  While searching for databases and looking to focus the now loose topic on immigration the idea brushed upon tying it in with the policies regarded in the modern era, looking at people immigrating from the nation of Turkey and Armenia, since this nation yielded a great number of immigrants during the years of Ellis Island.  This idea would again bring to light the issues since there was not a great deal of information of go off of after these people left the immigration office, the records of these people were not very clear, causing the research to seemingly hit a dead end.  This however brought to light the final idea one that could cover a large group without having to use a specific nation, the topic fell into the idea of using the names of the contributors in order to study the influx of immigrants that entered the United States during the years considered the hight of Ellis Island immigration (1892-1954).  With the topic being something that was a long time in the works, there were a number of sources that had to be looked into, to see if they matched the new topic that was now decided upon.  Some of the sources panned out, including the ancestry and Ellis Island database, however there were some that had to be done away with since they did not seem to follow the new direction of the project.  With the new sources in hand there were a number of ways to start this project and a number of ways to investigate the data.  The next step was to decide on the names being used, so for the purposes of the project the three names that were chosen were Mendoza, Waitman and Noah.  Now to begin this topic the first look was to see which of the three turned out to be the most common among the immigrants coming to Ellis Island during the hight years.  What the research informed is that the name Mendoza was the most common among the three names that were in question with the names Noah and Waitman second and third most respectively.  With these numbers in hand this could offer a portion of the charts that would go with the project, yet there was still another way to investigate the number of peoples who emigrated to the united states and still incorporate parts of the earlier ideas as well.  The research also allowed the ability to see what continent and even what country the people with the three names came from. 
